[Doc] New language model on GS tutorial (#614)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/advanced/language-models.rst

.. _language_models:

Use Language Models in GraphStorm
==================================

> Many real world graphs have text contents as nodes' features, e.g., the title and description of a product, and the questions and comments from users. To leverage these text contents, GraphStorm supports language models (LMs), i.e., HuggingFace BERT models, to embed text contents and use these embeddings for various Graph Machine Learning tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many real world graphs have text contents as nodes' features, e.g., the title and description of a product, and the questions and comments from users. To leverage these text contents, GraphStorm supports multiple language models (LMs) from HuggingFace to embed text contents and use these embeddings for various Graph Machine Learning tasks.
```

Author: changed.

There are a set of modes to use LMs in GraphStorm.

#. Use Pre-trained LMs only without fine-tuning

>     In this mode, users can embed text contents with pre-trained LMs, and then use them as the input node features to train GNN models, but do not fine-tune the LMs. Model training speed in this mode is fast, and memory consumption will be lower. However, in some cases, pre-trained LMs may not fit to the graph data well, hence not improving performance.

Reviewer 2: Suggest changing "pre-trained LMs may not fit to the graph data well" to "pre-trained LMs may not fit to the text data on graph"

Author: thanks, changed.

    * Auto two-step co-training (GLEM)

    GraphStorm currently provdies an experimental feature based on `GLEM <https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.14709>`_, which trains LM and GNN models iteratively for node classification. In this mode, GLEM automatically conducts the two step co-training iteratively. Under certain prerequsites, this mode can achieve good performance on node classification.

    * Co-train LMs and GNN

    In this mode, LMs and GML models are co-train in the same training epoch simultaneousely, which will better fit the LMs and GNN models to graph data. However, co-train LMs and GNN models will consume much more memory, particularly GPU memory, and take much longer time to complete training loops.

> This tutorial will help users to learn how to use GraphStorm for all of the above modes. Given that using language models on text could take longer time than general GNN only training, this tutorial uses a relatively small demo graph for a quick-start. Users can refer the `GraphStorm MAG example <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/tree/main/examples/mag>`_ for an large texture graph example.

Reviewer 2: "texture" -> "textual"

Author: thanks. changed.

* Link prediction fine-tuned model saving: 1s each time

* GNN training: 2s per epoch
* GNN validation: 0.5s per epoch
* GNN model saving: 2~3s each time

**Best accuracy on validation set:**

* RGCN: ~0.64
* RGAT: ~0.65
* HGT: ~0.63

All above best accuracy values were achieved using LP fine-tuning.

2.3 Auto two-step co-training (GLEM)
`````````````````````````````````````

There are two important pre-requisites for achieving good performance when using GLEM strategy.

1. Well pre-trained LM and GNN before the GLEM co-training: empirically, LM or GNN models that are not well-trained lead to degraded performance when co-training with GLEM directly. Therefore, users need to pre-train the LMs and GNN Models first.

To pre-train LMs and GNN models, users can follow the :ref:`22two_step_mannually` instruction and save the best LMs and GNN models.

2. The pseudolabeling technique: this technique predicts pseudolabels on the unlabeled nodes and uses them as additional supervision signals for mutual distillation between LM and GNN. This can be enabled by the setting the ``use_pseudolabel`` argument.

GraphStorm configurations
##########################

> To use GLEM, users need to set a new configuration se, called ``training_method``, which specifies how to utilize specific model training method. Users can refer to the ``acm_glem_nc_pretrain.yaml`` that includes the following ``training_method`` related configurations.

Reviewer 2: "configuration se"?

Author: changed.

.. code-block:: yaml

    training_method:
      name: glem
      kwargs:
        em_order_gnn_first: false
        inference_using_gnn: true
        pl_weight: 0.5
        num_pretrain_epochs: 100
    use_pseudolabel: true

> Within the ``traing_method`` section, there are two important configurations. First, the ``pl_weight`` defines the weights of pseudolabel, which determines the importance of pseudolabel. Users can lower the value to reduce the influence of using pseudolabel. The second important configuration is the ``num_pretrain_epochs``. The GLEM method provides its own pre-training implementation, which train LMs and GNN models iteratively in one epoch, i.e., first fix GNN model and train LMs in one forward and backward loop, and then fix LM but use it to embed text as input for GNN models to be trained in one loop. In the pre-training epochs, GLEM will not use the pseudolabel, but the true labels only, even if users set the ``use_pseudolabel`` configuration to be true.

Reviewer 2: "importance of pseudolabel" -> importance of pseudolabel in mutual distillation

Author: changed.
